{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\f0\fs28\lang9 List of C# Programs \f1\u8594?\f0\par
\ulnone\b0\fs22\tab\ul\b\fs28 C# Language Basic programs with examples\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\strike\fs22 C# Program to Print \ldblquote Hello, World!\rdblquote\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}C# Program to Add Two Integers.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}C# Program to Swap Values of Two Variables.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}C# Program to Multiply two Floating Point Numbers\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}C# Program to perform all arithmetic operations\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}C# Program to convert feet to meter\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}C# Program to convert celcius to farenheit\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}C# Program to convert farenheit to celcius\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}C# Program to find the Size of data types\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}C# Program to Print ASCII Value\par
{\pntext\f0 11.\tab}C# Program to Calculate Area of Circle\par
{\pntext\f0 12.\tab}C# Program to Calculate Area of Square\par
{\pntext\f0 13.\tab}C# Program to Calculate Area of Rectangle\par
{\pntext\f0 14.\tab}C# Program to convert days to years, weeks and days\line\strike0\line\ul\b\fs28 List of all conditional programs in c# language\strike\par
{\pntext\f0 15.\tab}\ulnone\b0\fs22 C# Program to check whether an integer entered by the user is odd or even\par
{\pntext\f0 16.\tab}C# Program to find the largest number among three number.\par
{\pntext\f0 17.\tab}C# Program to Find the Largest Number using Conditional Operator.\par
{\pntext\f0 18.\tab}C# Program to find the Largest among Three Variables using Nested if.\par
{\pntext\f0 19.\tab}C# program to check leap year using conditional Operator.\par
{\pntext\f0 20.\tab}C# Program to Check whether an alphabet is a vowel or not.\par
{\pntext\f0 21.\tab}C# program to check number is positive, negative or zero.\par
{\pntext\f0 22.\tab}C# program to check uppercase or lowercase alphabets.\par
{\pntext\f0 23.\tab}C# program to check entered character vowel or consonant.\par
{\pntext\f0 24.\tab}C# program to check whether a character is alphabet, digit or special character.\par
{\pntext\f0 25.\tab}C# program to print day name of week.\par
{\pntext\f0 26.\tab}C# program to accept two integers and check whether they are equal or not.\par
{\pntext\f0 27.\tab}C# program to detrermine a candidate\rquote s age is eligible for casting the vote or not.\par
{\pntext\f0 28.\tab}C# program to find the eligibility of admission for an engineering course based on the criteria.\par
{\pntext\f0 29.\tab}C# program to calculate the total marks, percentage and division of student.\par
{\pntext\f0 30.\tab}C# program to enter month number and print number of days in month.\par
{\pntext\f0 31.\tab}C# program to count total number of notes in entered amount.\par
{\pntext\f0 32.\tab}C# program to check whether a triangle can be formed by the given value for the angles.\line\line\ul\b\fs28 List of C# Language Loop Programs with Examples\par
{\pntext\f0 33.\tab}\ulnone\b0\fs22 Write C# program to print alphabets from a to z\par
{\pntext\f0 34.\tab}Write C# program to print ASCII values of all characters\par
{\pntext\f0 35.\tab}Write C# program to print multiplication table of a given number\par
{\pntext\f0 36.\tab}Write C# program to print all natural numbers in reverse order\par
{\pntext\f0 37.\tab}Write C# program to print sum of digits enter by user\par
{\pntext\f0 38.\tab}Write C# program to find sum of even numbers between 1 to n\par
{\pntext\f0 39.\tab}Write C# program to find sum of odd numbers between 1 to n\par
{\pntext\f0 40.\tab}Write C# program to swap first and last digit of a number\par
{\pntext\f0 41.\tab}Write C# program to find the sum of first and last digit of any number\par
{\pntext\f0 42.\tab}Write C# program to find first and last digit of any number\par
{\pntext\f0 43.\tab}Write C# program to calculate product of digits of a number\par
{\pntext\f0 44.\tab}Write C# program to reverse a number\par
{\pntext\f0 45.\tab}Write C# program to calculate power using while & for loop\par
{\pntext\f0 46.\tab}Write C# program to find factorial of any number\par
{\pntext\f0 47.\tab}Write C# program to check whether a number is Armstrong number or not\par
{\pntext\f0 48.\tab}Write C# program to find Armstrong numbers between 1 to n\par
{\pntext\f0 49.\tab}Write C# program to calculate compound Interest\par
{\pntext\f0 50.\tab}Write C# program to check a enter number is Prime number or not using while & for loop\par
{\pntext\f0 51.\tab}Write C# program to check whether a number is palindrome or not\par
{\pntext\f0 52.\tab}Write C# program to print number in words\par
{\pntext\f0 53.\tab}Write C# program to find HCF of two numbers\par
{\pntext\f0 54.\tab}Write C# program to find LCM of two numbers\line\strike0\line\ul\b\fs28 List of Switch case C# programs with an examples\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 55.\tab}Write C# program to print number of days in a month using switch case\par
{\pntext\f0 56.\tab}Write C# program to print day of week name using switch case\par
{\pntext\f0 57.\tab}Write C# program to create calculator using switch Statement\par
{\pntext\f0 58.\tab}Write C# program to check even or odd number using switch case\par
{\pntext\f0 59.\tab}Write C# program to check vowel or consonant using switch case\par
{\pntext\f0 60.\tab}Write C# program to print gender (Male/Female) program according to given M/F.\par
{\pntext\f0 61.\tab}Write C# Program to find maximum number using switch case.\line\line\ul\b\fs28 List of C# language array programs with an examples\par
{\pntext\f0 62.\tab}\ulnone\b0\fs22 Write C# Program to get the Length of the Array\par
{\pntext\f0 63.\tab}Write C# Program to Convert a 2D Array into 1D Array\par
{\pntext\f0 64.\tab}Write C# Program to Demonstrate Jagged Arrays\par
{\pntext\f0 65.\tab}Write C# Program to Find Minimum and Maximum of Numbers\par
{\pntext\f0 66.\tab}Write a C# program to print all negative elements in an array\par
{\pntext\f0 67.\tab}Write C# program to find sum of all elements of an array\par
{\pntext\f0 68.\tab}Write C# program to count even and odd elements in an array\par
{\pntext\f0 69.\tab}Write C# program to insert an element in array\par
{\pntext\f0 70.\tab}Write C# program to print all unique element in an array\par
{\pntext\f0 71.\tab}Write C# program to sort an array in ascending order\par
{\pntext\f0 72.\tab}Write C# program to copy all elements of one array to another\par
{\pntext\f0 73.\tab}Write C# program to count number of each element in an array\par
{\pntext\f0 74.\tab}Write C# program to delete all duplicate elements from an array\par
{\pntext\f0 75.\tab}Write C# program to count total duplicate elements in an array\par
{\pntext\f0 76.\tab}Write C# program to merge two sorted array\par
{\pntext\f0 77.\tab}Write C# Program to Find the Average Values of all the Array Elements\par
{\pntext\f0 78.\tab}Write C# program to find reverse of an array\par
{\pntext\f0 79.\tab}Write a program in C# Sharp to find the second largest element in an array\line\line\ul\b\fs28 All function programs in c# with an examples\par
{\pntext\f0 80.\tab}\ulnone\b0\fs22 Write a C# program to create a user define function with parameter\par
{\pntext\f0 81.\tab}Write a C# program to add two numbers using function\par
{\pntext\f0 82.\tab}Write a C# program to create a function to input a string and count number of spaces are in the string\par
{\pntext\f0 83.\tab}Write a C# program to find even or odd number using function\par
{\pntext\f0 84.\tab}Write a C# program to create a function to calculate the sum of the individual digits of a given number\par
{\pntext\f0 85.\tab}Write a C# program to create a function to check whether a number is prime or not\par
{\pntext\f0 86.\tab}Write a C# program to create a function to display the n number Fibonacci sequence\par
{\pntext\f0 87.\tab}Write a C# program to create a function to swap the values of two integer numbers\par
{\pntext\f0 88.\tab}Write a C# program to create a recursive function to find the factorial of a given number\par
{\pntext\f0 89.\tab}Write a C# program to Print Binary Equivalent of an Integer using Recursion\line\line\ul\b\fs28 All LINQ programs in C# with examples\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 90.\tab}Write a program in C# to find the positive numbers from a list of numbers using two where conditions in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 91.\tab}Write a program in C# to display the name of the days of a week in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 92.\tab}Write a program in C# to create a list of numbers and display the numbers greater than 20 in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 93.\tab}Write a program in C# to find the number of an array and the square of each number in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 94.\tab}Write a program in C# to display the top n-th records in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 95.\tab}Write a program in C# to display the number and frequency of number from given array in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 96.\tab}Write a program in C# to display the characters and frequency of character from given string in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 97.\tab}Write a program in C# to find the uppercase words in a string in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 98.\tab}Write a program in C# to Remove Items from List using remove function by passing object in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 99.\tab}Write a program in C# to remove a range of items from a list by passing the start index and number of elements to remove in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 100.\tab}Write a program in C# to generate a Cartesian Product of two sets in LINQ Query\par
{\pntext\f0 101.\tab}Write a program in C# to arrange the distinct elements in the list in ascending order in LINQ Query\line\line\ul\b\fs28 All String programs in C# with examples\ulnone\b0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f0 102.\tab}Write a C# program to accept a string from keyboard and print it\par
{\pntext\f0 103.\tab}Write a C# program to Separate the individual characters from a string\par
{\pntext\f0 104.\tab}Write a C# program to find the length of a string without using library function\par
{\pntext\f0 105.\tab}Write a C# program to count a total number of alphabets, digits and special characters in a string\par
{\pntext\f0 106.\tab}Write a C# program to print individual characters of the string in reverse order\par
{\pntext\f0 107.\tab}Write a C# program to copy one string to another string\par
{\pntext\f0 108.\tab}Write a C# program to count a total number of vowel or consonant in a string\par
{\pntext\f0 109.\tab}Write a C# program to find maximum occurring character in a string\par
{\pntext\f0 110.\tab}Write a C# program to read a string through the keyboard and sort it using bubble sort\par
{\pntext\f0 111.\tab}Write a C# program to sort a string array in ascending order\par
{\pntext\f0 112.\tab}Write a C# program to compare (less than, greater than, equal to ) two substrings\par
{\pntext\f0 113.\tab}Write a C# program to find the number of times a substring appears in the given string\par
{\pntext\f0 114.\tab}Write a C# program to check the username and password\par
{\pntext\f0 115.\tab}Write a C# program to read a sentence and replace lowercase characters by uppercase and vice-versa\par
{\pntext\f0 116.\tab}Write a C# program to check whether a given substring is present in the given string \lang9\par
}
 